README.md, before:

# Cascave

Yet another generic puzzle platformer no one asked for.

## TODO

- [x] 💚 MVP idea
    - Platformer, where the player character - a cave dweller - can collect water from pools and use it to either shoot
      or dash
    - Lots of reverb

### MVP

- [x] 💙 Water
- [x] 💙 Swimming in water
- [x] 💙 Collecting water
- [x] 💙 Finite water
- [ ] 💙 Dash ([Space])
- [ ] 💙 Shooting water
- [ ] 💛 Simple music
- [ ] 💛 Jumping and landing SFX (with reverb, of course)
- [ ] 💙💜 Torches to extinguish
- [ ] 💜 Simple character (32 x 48 px)
- [ ] 💙💜 Simple environment (tile-based)
- [ ] 💚 First and second level
- [ ] 💚 Credits
- [ ] 💙 Basic instructions
- [ ] 💟 Publish `0.1.0`

### Basic features

- [ ] 💜 Better character
- [ ] 💜 Better environment
- [ ] 💜 Font
- [ ] 💛 Running SFX
- [ ] 💙 Water splash particles
- [ ] 💛 Water splash SFX
- [ ] 💙 Water surface waviness
- [ ] 💙💜💛 Waterfalls
- [ ] 💙💜 Enemies
- [ ] 💚 5 total levels
- [ ] 💟 Publish `0.2.0`

### Advanced features

- [ ] 💙 Another kind of transition
- [ ] 💙 Player monologue
- [ ] 💚 10 total levels
- [ ] 💟 Publish `0.3.0`

### Expert features

- [ ] 💙 Rigid bodies
- [ ] 💙💜💚 Boss
- [ ] 💙💜💚 Mid-boss
- [ ] 💟 Publish `0.4.0`

---

#### Legend

- 💙 Code/Godot
- 💜 Art
- 💚 Design
- 💛 Audio
- 💟 Special

Commit message:

Dash
Also, an option for whether water should be released automatically

README.md, after:

# Cascave

Yet another generic puzzle platformer no one asked for.

## TODO

- [x] 💚 MVP idea
    - Platformer, where the player character - a cave dweller - can collect water from pools and use it to either shoot
      or dash
    - Lots of reverb

### MVP

- [x] 💙 Water
- [x] 💙 Swimming in water
- [x] 💙 Collecting water
- [x] 💙 Finite water
- [x] 💙 Dash ([Space])
- [ ] 💙 Shooting water
- [ ] 💛 Simple music
- [ ] 💛 Jumping and landing SFX (with reverb, of course)
- [ ] 💙💜 Torches to extinguish
- [ ] 💜 Simple character (32 x 48 px)
- [ ] 💙💜 Simple environment (tile-based)
- [ ] 💚 First and second level
- [ ] 💚 Credits
- [ ] 💙 Basic instructions
- [ ] 💟 Publish `0.1.0`

### Basic features

- [ ] 💙💜 Water indicator (5 squares which light up depending on how much water the player is carrying)
- [ ] 💜 Better character
- [ ] 💜 Better environment
- [ ] 💜 Font
- [ ] 💛 Running SFX
- [ ] 💙 Water splash particles
- [ ] 💛 Water splash SFX
- [ ] 💙 Water surface waviness
- [ ] 💙💜💛 Waterfalls
- [ ] 💙💜 Enemies
- [ ] 💚 5 total levels
- [ ] 💟 Publish `0.2.0`

### Advanced features

- [ ] 💙 Another kind of transition
- [ ] 💙 Player monologue
- [ ] 💚 10 total levels
- [ ] 💟 Publish `0.3.0`

### Expert features

- [ ] 💙 Rigid bodies
- [ ] 💙💜💚 Boss
- [ ] 💙💜💚 Mid-boss
- [ ] 💟 Publish `0.4.0`

---

#### Legend

- 💙 Code/Godot
- 💜 Art
- 💚 Design
- 💛 Audio
- 💟 Special
